Reorganize InfluxDB Clustered installation documentation (#5636)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/optimize-cluster/simulate-load.md

---
title: Simulate a production-like load
description: >
  Simulate a production-like load that writes data to your InfluxDB cluster.
menu:
  influxdb_clustered:
    name: Simulate load
    parent: Optimize your cluster
weight: 203
---

With your schema defined you can begin to simulate a production-like load that
writes data to your InfluxDB cluster. This process helps to ensure that your
schema works as designed and that both your cluster's scale and configuration
are able to meet your cluster's write requirements.

{{% warn %}}
We do not recommend writing production data to your InfluxDB cluster at this point.
{{% /warn %}}

## Load testing tools

> Contact your [InfluxData sales representative](https://influxdata.com/contact-sales)
> for information about tools that you can use to load test your InfluxDB cluster.
> There are tools available that can simulate your schema and desired write
> concurrency to ensure your cluster performs under production-like load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact your [InfluxData sales representative](https://influxdata.com/contact-sales)
for information about load testing tools.
These tools can simulate your schema and
desired write concurrency to ensure your cluster performs under production-like load.
```
